PREVIOUSLY ON ONE TREE HILL:
PEYTON.
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M HER DAD.
HE LOVES HIS JOB.
IT'S JUST NOT FAIR TO
ASK HIM TO GIVE THAT UP.
BUT I MISS HIM WHEN HE'S AWAY.
YOU WERE RIGHT. DAN.
WE DON'T NEED A SHRINK TO
IDENTIFY THIS FAMILY'S PROBLEM.
YOU JUST MADE IT OBVIOUS.
I'M NOT HIS ONLY PARENT. DEB.
HEY. WHY DON'T YOU RIDE
WITH THE OLD MAN. NATHAN?
COME ON. NATHAN.
LET THE KID MAKE
UP HIS OWN MIND.
WHAT DO YOU SAY. SON?
I NEED TO CONNECT
MORE WITH LUCAS.
I THOUGHT YOU GUYS
WERE ALREADY DOING THAT.
THE MAKING-OUT THING IS GREAT
AND ALL. BUT IT ONLY GOES SO FAR.
WHERE DO YOU GET
OFF TELLING NATHAN
HE CAN QUIT THE TEAM?
I DIDN'T TELL HIM HE COULD QUIT.
HE WANTED TO TALK. WE TALKED.
I DON'T MIND YOU PLAYING
DADDY TO ONE OF MY OFFSPRING.
BUT LEAVE THE GOOD
ONE ALONE. WILL YA?
YOU'RE THE FIRST REALLY
GREAT GUY THAT I'VE EVER DATED.
AND THAT REALLY SCARES ME
BECAUSE I NEVER GAVE
A RAT'S ASS BEFORE.
I GIVE A RAT'S ASS
ABOUT YOU. TOO.
I'M DONE.
JUST THOUGHT YOU SHOULD
BE THE FIRST TO KNOW.
ME?
YEAH.
YOU WANTED MY WORLD. MAN.
IT'S ALL YOURS.
♪
♪ I DON'T WANT TO BE ANYTHING ♪
♪ OTHER THAN WHAT I'VE
BEEN TRYING TO BE LATELY ♪
♪ ALL I HAVE TO
DO IS THINK OF ME ♪
♪ AND I HAVE PEACE OF MIND ♪
♪ I DON'T WANT TO BE ANYTHING ♪
♪ OTHER THAN WHAT I'VE
BEEN TRYING TO BE LATELY ♪
♪ ALL I HAVE TO
DO IS THINK OF ME ♪
♪ AND I HAVE PEACE OF MIND ♪
♪ I'M TIRED OF LOOKING 'ROUND ♪
♪ WONDERING WHAT I GOTTA DO ♪
♪ OR WHO I'M SUPPOSED TO BE ♪
♪ I DON'T WANT TO BE ANYTHING ♪
♪ OTHER THAN ME ♪
HEY. HONEY.
HEY. DAD.
WHAT'S GOING ON WITH
THE UNABOMBER LOOK?
I WAS GOING FOR GEORGE CLOONEY.
GO FURTHER.
THAT'S RIGHT. THOUGH.
YOU'RE NOT USED TO
SEEING ME LIKE THIS.
SEE WHEN I'M ON THE
JOB. I USUALLY LET IT GROW.
THEN I SHAVE IT OFF
RIGHT BEFORE I COME HOME.
KIND OF A RITUAL.
WELL. JUST MAKE SURE YOU FIND
YOUR RAZOR DAY AFTER TOMORROW.
AND AFTER THAT. I'M GONNA
BE SHAVING A LOT MORE OFTEN.
HEY. BROOKE. HEY. RAKE BOY.
I SEE NOBODY USES
THE DOORBELL STILL.
PAPA PEYTON. THE SCRUFFY
THING'S WORKING FOR YOU.
WHAT ARE YOU GUYS
UP TO SO EARLY?
I DON'T KNOW. PEYTON JUST...
OH. NO. YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU'LL FIND OUT
WHEN YOU GET HOME.
NOT EVEN A LITTLE HINT?
MMM-MMM. NOT EVEN. I LOVE YOU.
YOU BETTER. I LOVE
YOU. TOO. HONEY.
BYE.
SO. WHAT'S THE SURPRISE?
I NEED YOUR HELP WITH
SOMETHING. COME ON.
DAMN. THAT'S NICE.
THIS YOUR DAD'S?
YEAH. HE HASN'T DRIVEN
IT LIKE IN A YEAR. THOUGH.
DO YOU THINK YOU
CAN GET IT TO RUN?
OF COURSE HE CAN.
AND HE'S GONNA LOOK
GOOD DOING IT. TOO.
IN A TIGHT LITTLE WIFE BEATER.
MAYBE SOME GREASE SMUDGES.
AND I WAS THINKING MAYBE YOU
COULD HELP ME WASH AND WAX IT.
I'M GLAD TO HELP.
I JUST WANT TO DO
SOMETHING NICE FOR HIM.
SINCE HE'S COMING HOME.
ALL RIGHT. I'LL GO GET MY TOOLS.
SURPRISE!
YOU ANSWER THE DOOR
IN YOUR UNDERWEAR?
GRANDMA. GRANDPA. WHAT
ARE YOU GUYS DOING HERE?
ROYAL. MAY. UH. UM.
WHAT A SURPRISE.
WELL. THANKS FOR
THE WARM WELCOME.
I TOLD YOU THIS
AMBUSH WAS A BAD IDEA.
HE'S DRAGGING ME TO
ANOTHER ONE OF THOSE...
NOBODY'S DRAGGING
ANYBODY ANYWHERE.
I TOLD HIM THAT
THE ONLY WAY I'D GO
IS IF WE CAME BY HERE
FOR DANNY'S BIRTHDAY.
OH. DAN'S BIRTHDAY. OF COURSE.
YEAH.
ARE YOU GONNA LEAVE US
STANDING OUT HERE ALL MORNING.
FREEZING OUR ASSES OFF?
OH. COME ON IN.
COME ON. KISS GRAN.
LOOKS LIKE YOU PUT
ON A FEW THERE. DEB.
LOOKS GOOD ON YOU.
DAN.
YOU REMEMBERED. I'M TOUCHED.
NO. I'M NOT HERE TO WISH
YOU A HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
BUT YOUR PARENTS ARE.
WHAT? YEAH.
THEY SHOWED UP AT THE HOUSE.
APPARENTLY YOU NEVER TOLD THEM
THAT YOU'RE NOT LIVING THERE RIGHT NOW.
HOW'D THEY TAKE IT?
YOU THINK I TOLD THEM?
I'M NOT GONNA BE ON THE
RECEIVING END OF THAT.
THAT'S YOUR JOB.
HOW LONG ARE THEY HERE?
JUST TONIGHT.
BUT IT GETS BETTER.
YOUR MOTHER IS COOKING
YOU A BIG BIRTHDAY DINNER.
OH. PERFECT.
ALL RIGHT. SO WHAT
ARE WE GONNA DO?
WE ARE NOT GOING TO DO ANYTHING.
YOU ARE GOING TO GO
TO THE HOUSE RIGHT NOW.
AND TELL THEM WE'RE SEPARATED.
NO. WE'RE DOING THE COUNSELING.
WE'RE GONNA WORK THIS THING OUT.
RIGHT? ISN'T THAT THE WHOLE POINT?
IT IS.
WELL. YOU KNOW HOW THEY ARE.
DO YOU REALLY WANT THEM WEIGHING
IN ON THE STATE OF OUR MARRIAGE?
DO YOU REMEMBER WHEN WE TOLD THEM
WE WEREN'T GONNA HAVE ANY MORE KIDS?
HOW MANY TIMES
DID MY DAD CALL YOU?
AND NOW YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE
THE OPTION OF HANGING UP ON HIM.
GO ON. DAN. JUST SAY IT.
WE GO THROUGH
THE MOTIONS TONIGHT.
GET IT OVER WITH. SEND
THEM ON THEIR WAY.
GO BACK TO WORKING ON US.
BESIDES. IT MIGHT DO SOME GOOD
TO TRY AND REMEMBER WHAT
IT'S LIKE TO BE A NORMAL FAMILY.
FINE. JUST FOR TONIGHT.
JUST FOR TONIGHT.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
GOOD MORNING. SIR.
TABLE OR COUNTER?
AH. ACTUALLY. I'M
LOOKING FOR KAREN.
OH. NO. SHE'S IN ITALY
RIGHT NOW. COOKING SCHOOL.
GOOD FOR HER.
HOW'S THAT BOY OF HERS DOING?
UH. LUCAS IS GREAT.
SHE CALLS IN EVERY
ONCE IN A WHILE.
DO YOU WANT ME
TO LEAVE A MESSAGE?
NO. THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
I'LL JUST. UH. CATCH HER
THE NEXT TIME I'M
PASSING THROUGH.
OK.
CAN I TELL HER WHO
STOPPED BY. MR...
JUST AN OLD FRIEND.
WELL. IT'S NOT THE BATTERY.
IT'S PROBABLY THE STARTER.
WELL. YOU CAN FIX THAT. RIGHT?
YEAH. IT SHOULDN'T BE A PROBLEM.
OH. IT'S AN AMAZING CAR.
HMM.
IT'S AN AMAZING GUY.
OH. MMM.
IS THAT WHAT YOU
GOT ME THIS THING FOR?
UH-HUH.
YEAH.
I WAS JUST GETTING STARTED.
SADLY. SO WAS I.
WHAT'S WRONG?
I'M JUST WORRIED ABOUT MY DAD.
ALL RIGHT. I JUST
CHECKED ONLINE.
AND NOW THEY'RE SAYING
IT'S A CATEGORY 3 HURRICANE.
ALL RIGHT AND YOU ALREADY
CHECKED THE WEBCAM. RIGHT?
YEAH. IT'S OUT.
OR MAYBE HE TURNED IT OFF.
OR THE STORM DID IT FOR HIM.
YEAH. BUT STORMS KNOCK THAT
KIND OF THING OUT ALL THE TIME. RIGHT?
ANYWAY. AREN'T
DREDGING BOATS HUGE?
HE WOULDN'T BE ON
THE DREDGING BOAT.
RIGHT NOW. IF THERE'S A
STORM HEADED THIS WAY.
HE'D BE ON THIS
LITTLE. TINY TRANSPORT
HEADED BACK TO SHORE.
AND THAT'S WHAT WORRIES ME.
OK. PEYTON. JUST STOP. DON'T
DO THIS TO YOURSELF. ALL RIGHT?
JUST BECAUSE HE
HASN'T CHECKED IN
DOESN'T MEAN
SOMETHING'S HAPPENED.
IT DOESN'T MEAN
IT HASN'T. EITHER.
SO. THIS. UH. DINNER THING IS
GONNA BE PRETTY BAD. HUH?
A MASSACRE.
MY GRANDMA'S OK.
IT'S JUST MY GRAMP
IS PRETTY INTENSE.
YOU'VE MET MY DAD.
JUST IMAGINE WHERE
HE COMES FROM.
SCARY.
YEAH.
YOU SHOULD COME TONIGHT.
MAYBE IT'LL MAKE
EVERYBODY BEHAVE.
I'LL COME IF YOU WANT ME TO.
NO. I WASN'T SERIOUS.
I WOULDN'T PUT YOU THROUGH THAT.
WELL. I MEAN. IF YOU'RE ASKING.
OF COURSE. MY ANSWER'S YES.
WELL. THEN I'M ASKING.
WELL. THEN I'M COMING.
LET ME GET THIS RIGHT.
CHARCOAL FINISH.
CUSTOM-LEATHER PACKAGE.
WHAT YOU WANT IS A
CHAMPAGNE INTERIOR.
I'M HERE TO SEE THE MANAGER.
EXCUSE ME.
HEY. FELLA. YOU OUGHT TO KNOW
WHO YOU'RE DOING BUSINESS WITH.
IS THERE A PROBLEM?
NO. YOU'RE BUYING FROM DAN
SCOTT. BASKETBALL LEGEND.
STILL HOLDS THE ALL-TIME
SCORING RECORD FOR TREE HILL.
MADE ALL-STATE HIS SENIOR YEAR.
NO KIDDING?
NO KIDDING.
MY DAD.
I FIGURED.
YOU PLAY COLLEGE. TOO?
WOULD HAVE. BUT HE BLEW HIS
KNEE OUT IN HIS FRESHMAN YEAR.
HE GOT ROBBED. WOULD
HAVE BEEN ONE OF THE GREATS.
DAD. MR. MILLER'S
REALLY NOT INTERESTED.
I'LL TEL YOU WHAT. MEET ME IN
MY OFFICE. OK? I'LL BE RIGHT IN.
CHAMPAGNE INTERIOR.
RIGHT? ALL RIGHT.
WHAT? SOMEBODY'S
GOT TO BRAG ON YOU.
AND YOU'RE NOT GONNA CLOSE THAT
SALE WITHOUT YOUR OLD MAN'S HELP.
YOU KNOW THAT. DON'T YOU?
YOU ALWAYS WERE
MY BIGGEST PROMOTER.
I GUESS.
HEY. STILL IN SHAPE.
GOOD FOR YOU.
OH. YOU'RE HOME.
LISTEN. I CALLED NATHAN.
I TOLD HIM NOT TO TELL DAD
HE'S NOT GOING TO PRACTICE.
YOU MEAN THAT HE QUIT THE TEAM?
YOU KNOW WHAT I MEAN.
I ALSO TOLD KEITH TO
AVOID THE SUBJECT.
ANY OTHER LIES I SHOULD
REMEMBER TO TELL?
I'M TRYING TO PROTECT OUR
SON FROM MY FATHER. OK?
YOU DON'T EVEN SEE
THE IRONY. DO YOU?
MOM. YOU LOOK BEAUTIFUL AS EVER.
GOD BLESS YOU FOR A LIAR.
I COMPLIMENT YOU.
YOU CALL ME A LIAR.
YOU LOOK TIRED.
HEY. SON. WHAT'S THE DEAL?
NO MORE CHARLOTTE HORNETS?
YEAH. NEW ORLEANS CAN HAVE THEM.
YOU THINK THEY HAVE
A PLAYOFFS HOPE?
NO. NO.
NO SPORTS TALK.
OH. COME ON.
YES. MA'AM.
OH.
I JUST BECAME HEAD
OF THE TABLE. DIDN'T I?
KEITH. MOM.
HMM. MMM. YOU LOOK GREAT.
WELL. LOOK WHAT
THE CAT DRAGGED IN.
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU. TOO. DAD.
UH-HUH.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. DANNY.
YEAH. THANKS.
COME ON. HAVE A SEAT.
DINNER IS ALMOST READY.
DANNY. WILL YOU POUR
SOME WINE. PLEASE?
I'M ON IT.
AMEN TO THAT.
UM. LISTEN. MOM. WE'RE GONNA
NEED ANOTHER PLACE SETTING.
I. UH. I INVITED A GUEST.
A DATE? OH. MY GOODNESS.
WELL. YOU GET THAT CHAIR
OVER THERE AND I WILL...
GRANDPA. GRANDMA. THIS IS HALEY.
OH. HALEY. NICE TO MEET YOU.
NICE TO MEET YOU. TOO.
WELL. NATHAN. YOU'RE LOOKING MORE
AND MORE LIKE YOUR OLD MAN EVERY DAY.
WE ALL KNOW WHERE HE GETS
HIS GOOD LOOKS. DON'T WE?
OH. COME ON IN.
YOU SIT RIGHT HERE
NEXT TO ME. HONEY.
THANK YOU.
I'LL GET IT.
EVERYTHING LOOKS SO NICE.
OH. MY GOODNESS. WHITEY.
GOOD EVENING. EVERYBODY.
GOOD TO SEE YOU.
SORRY I'M LATE.
HEY. ROYAL...
GLAD YOU CAME?
YEAH.
ALL RIGHT. TRY IT AGAIN.
WE GOT POWER.
PEYTON. COME CHECK IT OUT.
WHAT IS IT?
I JUST GOT A PHONE CALL.
UM. IT'S THE STORM.
MY DAD'S TRANSPORT IS MISSING.
THERE WERE 3 GUYS ON IT.
THEY RECOVERED A BODY.
WHAT DID THEY TELL YOU?
I HAVE TO GO SEE IF IT'S HIM.
YOU SURE YOU SHOULDN'T
CALL YOUR GRANDMOTHER?
NO. SHE'D FREAK OUT.
I'D RATHER NOT UPSET HER.
BESIDES. IT'S NOT GONNA BE MY DAD.
OF COURSE IT'S NOT.
LET'S GO AHEAD AND
GET THIS OVER WITH.
WE HAVE A 4-HOUR
DRIVE AHEAD OF US.
A 4-HOUR DRIVE INTO A STORM?
WELL. THE STORM'S
PASSING THROUGH.
BY THE TIME WE GET
THERE. IT SHOULD BE GONE.
OK. WAIT A SECOND.
SHOULDN'T SOMEBODY STAY HERE BY
THE PHONE IN CASE YOUR DAD CALLS?
I WILL. YOU GO WITH PEYTON.
YOU SURE?
YEAH.
LUCAS. YOU'RE GOOD IN A CRISIS.
NOT THAT THERE'S GONNA BE ONE.
BUT I WOULD PROBABLY
END UP FALLING APART.
AND YOU'D END UP TAKING CARE
OF ME. WHICH IS NOT THE POINT.
SO...
I LOVE YOU. IT'S GONNA BE OK.
YOU'RE THE BEST.
I'LL CALL YOU GUYS
IF I HEAR ANYTHING.
HOW'S THE TEAM DOING
THIS YEAR. WHITEY?
OH. WE'RE STILL
UNDEFEATED. ACTUALLY.
DAD. YOU STILL ROOTING
FOR MAGIC THESE DAYS?
PLEASE. NO TALK OF SPORTS
UNTIL AFTER DINNER. OK?
GOOD IDEA. MOM. I'M SORRY.
WELL. NATHAN. WHAT ARE
YOU AVERAGING THESE DAYS?
YOU KNOW. YOUR DAD
HAD 27 AND A HALF A GAME.
YOU BEAT THAT YET?
ROYAL. WE JUST...
I'M ASKING THE BOY
A QUESTION. MAY.
UH.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD
ASK THE OLD MAN.
UH. 24 POINTS A
GAME. I THINK. ISN'T IT?
SO. 24 A GAME. HUH?
YOU KNOW. YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO GET THAT UP
IF YOU'RE GONNA
BEAT THE OLD MAN.
YEAH. YOUR DAD'S STAR
WOULD HAVE RISEN THROUGH
THE ROOF AT CAROLINA
IF IT HADN'T BEEN FOR THAT DAMN
KNEE OF HIS. HOW ARE YOUR KNEES?
NO WORRIES.
MMM. HE'S GOT GREAT KNEES.
UH-HUH.
OF COURSE. NOW.
DANNY TAKES AFTER
HIS OLD MAN. YOU KNOW?
NEVER LET ADVERSITY STOP HIM.
TOO BAD KEITH TAKES AFTER
HIS MOTHER'S SIDE OF THE FAMILY.
LUCKY FOR HIM.
I'D DRINK TO THAT. BUT
I GOT TO GET A REFILL.
YEAH.
WELL. I SHOULD SEE
ABOUT THE CAKE.
MMM. I'LL GO DO
THAT. MRS. SCOTT.
WANT TO COME HELP?
YEAH. YEAH. THE CAKE. RIGHT.
I WARNED YOU IT WAS
GONNA BE INTENSE.
OH. INSANE IS MORE LIKE IT.
YOU KNOW. THERE'S
A DOOR RIGHT THERE.
WE COULD SNEAK OUT.
NOBODY WOULD EVEN NOTICE.
MMM. TEMPTING.
UM.
SO. HOW OFTEN DO YOUR
GRANDPARENTS COME INTO TOWN?
A COUPLE TIMES A YEAR. WHY?
HALEY. YOU'VE GOT THAT LOOK.
WHAT LOOK?
THE LOOK YOU GIVE WHEN
YOU WANNA TELL ME SOMETHING
BUT YOU DON'T
REALLY WANNA TELL ME.
NO. I DON'T. AND YOU
SHOULDN'T KNOW THAT LOOK YET.
WHAT IS IT?
YOUR GRANDFATHER CAME BY THE
CAFE TODAY AND HE ASKED FOR KAREN.
HE DID?
YEAH.
I JUST GOT THE KIND OF FEELING
LIKE THEY'VE BEEN KEEPING IN TOUCH.
DOES LUCAS KNOW HIM?
NO. THEY'VE NEVER EVEN MET.
BUT YOUR GRANDFATHER
ASKED ABOUT HIM.
THAT DOESN'T MAKE ANY SENSE.
MY GRANDPA ACTS LIKE MY
DAD'S THE SECOND COMING.
WHY WOULD HE VISIT KAREN?
I DON'T KNOW. I DON'T WANT TO
START ANYTHING. I'M JUST TELLING YOU.
YOU KNOW WHAT? MY
FAMILY'S SO SCREWED UP.
NOTHING NEW WOULD MAKE
A DIFFERENCE RIGHT NOW.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
♪
♪ I'VE BEEN RIDING SLOWLY
OUT INTO THE SALTY EVENINGS ♪
YOU WARM ENOUGH?
I'M OK.
I SHOULD PROBABLY GET THE
HEATER FIXED IN HERE. HUH?
I COULD HAVE KEITH TAKE
A LOOK AT IT FOR YOU.
HE'S REALLY GOOD AT THAT STUFF.
♪ AND MY FEVER CLIMBS
THE MORE I ROLL ♪
YOU WANT ME TO STOP
AND GET SOME COFFEE?
I'M FINE. THANKS.
♪ WITH ALL THE
COVER IN THE WORLD ♪
♪ MY SKIN STILL SHOWS ♪
THANKS FOR DOING
THIS FOR ME. LUKE.
THAT'S WHAT FRIENDS
ARE FOR. RIGHT?
YEAH.
NOW WHAT?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THE BRIDGE IS UP
BECAUSE OF THE STORM.
IT'LL BE OPEN IN THE MORNING.
WE HAVE AN EMERGENCY.
WE HAVE TO GET
ACROSS THE BRIDGE.
I'M SORRY. MISS.
BUT. UH. IT'S NOT SAFE.
OK. UM. IS THERE
ANOTHER WAY THROUGH?
ONLY THE FERRIES. BUT. UH. THE CHANNEL'S
TOO ROUGH. SO THEY'RE NOT RUNNING.
WHAT ARE WE SUPPOSED TO DO?
HOPEFULLY. WE'LL BE ABLE TO LOWER THE BRIDGE IN THE MORNING.
- 00 A.M.
THERE'S A MOTEL
RIGHT DOWN THE ROAD.
MIGHT WANT TO GRAB YOURSELF
A ROOM BEFORE THEY'RE ALL GONE.
THERE YOU GO.
SO. NATE. HOW'S
YOUR GAME THIS YEAR?
HERE WE GO AGAIN.
JUST COVER YOUR EARS. MAY.
I JUST WANT TO KNOW HOW MY
GRANDSON'S DOING ON THE TEAM.
I ALREADY TOLD YOU. DAD.
NO. YOU DIDN'T. YOU
DIDN'T TELL ME JACK.
EVERY TIME I MENTION IT. YOU
CHANGE THE DAMN SUBJECT.
WILL SOMEBODY AROUND
HERE TELL ME WHAT'S GOING ON?
NATHAN?
WHITEY? ANYBODY?
NATHAN. I THINK YOU
BETTER TAKE THIS ONE.
I QUIT THE TEAM. ALL RIGHT?
YOU QUITE THE... WHAT DO
YOU MEAN YOU QUIT THE TEAM?
HE DIDN'T QUIT THE TEAM. DAD.
HE'S JUST TAKING SOME TIME OFF.
NO. HE'S NOT. PLEASE
STOP LYING. DAN.
WERE YOU EVER
GONNA TELL ME THIS?
I MEAN. THAT'S A HELL OF A
THING TO KEEP TO YOURSELF.
YEAH. YOU'RE ONE TO TALK.
WHAT'S THAT SUPPOSED TO MEAN?
I KNOW YOU VISIT KAREN
AT THE CAFE. ALL RIGHT?
WHAT'S THAT ABOUT?
THAT'S NONE OF
YOUR DAMN BUSINESS.
I GUESS SOMEBODY'S
GOT A BIG MOUTH.
WILL YOU SHUT UP. GRANDPA?
DON'T YOU TALK TO ME LIKE THAT!
BACK OFF. ROYAL.
I'VE HAD ENOUGH OF YOUR CRAP.
NATHAN IS NOT THE PROBLEM.
WOULD SOMEONE PLEASE EXPLAIN?
DAN HAS BEEN RIDING NATHAN FOR THE
PAST 6 YEARS ABOUT THAT DAMN GAME.
DEB. STOP.
RIDING HIM SO HARD THAT NATHAN
TOOK DRUGS SO HE COULD MEASURE UP.
DRUGS?
UNTIL HE HAD TO BE
RUSHED TO THE HOSPITAL.
HE COULD HAVE DIED BECAUSE
OF THIS... THIS INSANE PRESSURE
TO PUT A BALL THROUGH A HOOP.
BUT NONE OF THAT IS
MY SON'S FAULT. ROYAL.
IT'S YOUR SON'S.
DANNY. YOU OF ALL PEOPLE?
HOW DARE YOU.
YOU KNOW HOW MUCH YOU HATED IT
WHEN YOUR DADDY
BULLIED YOU TO BE BETTER.
I NEVER BULLIED HIM!
AND WHEN YOU WANTED A
WAY OUT. I GAVE YOU ONE.
ALL THESE YEARS.
I PROTECTED YOU.
I LIED FOR YOU.
AND NOW YOU'RE DOING THE
SAME THING TO YOUR SON?
WHAT LIE? WHAT ARE
YOU TALKING ABOUT?
IN COLLEGE. HIS KNEE INJURY...
IT WASN'T PERMANENT.
DANNY QUIT. AND I HELPED HIM.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN HE QUIT?
IT'S NOT LIKE THAT. DAD.
OH. STOP IT. DAN. IT'S
TIME THE TRUTH CAME OUT.
WILL SOMEBODY TELL ME WHAT
IN THE HELL IS GOING ON HERE?
YOU WERE ON THE ROAD
WHEN DANNY HURT HIS KNEE.
SO WE LIED.
YOU TOLD ME IT WAS A
DEGENERATIVE KNEE CONDITION.
IT WAS DAD...
YOU LOOKED ME IN THE
EYE. AND YOU TOLD ME THAT.
DON'T YOU SEE. ROYAL?
HE WAS NEVER GONNA BE THE
STAR THAT YOU WANTED HIM TO BE.
YOU JUST COULDN'T SEE THAT.
THE BOY HAD 2 CHOICES:
TO FAIL IN FRONT
OF YOU OR TO QUIT.
EITHER WAY. HE LOST.
SO YOU JUST QUIT
WITHOUT EVEN BEING MAN
ENOUGH TO OWN UP TO IT.
THERE'S MORE TO THE STORY. DAD.
YOU DON'T KNOW THE WHOLE STORY.
I'VE HAD ENOUGH!
ME. TOO. COME ON.
HALEY. I'LL TAKE YOU HOME.
THANKS FOR DINNER.
WELL. I CAN SHOW MYSELF
OUT. THANK YOU. MAY.
DEB.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY. DANNY.
DANNY. DON'T...
WHY?
WELL. I GUESS
I'LL DO THE DISHES.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S JUST
TRY TO GET SOME SLEEP.
THEN WE'LL BE AT THE BRIDGE
AS SOON AS IT OPENS UP.
WHAT'D HE SAY. 6:00 A.M.?
WE'LL BE THERE AT 5:00.
WHAT?
I'M IN A HURRY TO FIND
OUT IF MY DAD IS DEAD.
IT'S KIND OF SURREAL.
YEAH. IT'S PRETTY MESSED UP.
YOU KNOW HOW IN DREAMS.
YOU'RE ALWAYS TRYING TO GET
TO SOMEPLACE YOU NEED TO BE
BUT YOU NEVER REALLY GET THERE?
YEAH.
I WISH I COULD WAKE UP.
MAYBE WE SHOULD
TRY TO GET SOME SLEEP.
YOU THINK YOU CAN?
OK.
I'LL JUST SLEEP ON
THE FLOOR. ALL RIGHT?
DON'T BE STUPID.
LOOK. PEYTON.
I JUST WISH THERE WAS
SOMETHING I COULD DO OR SAY
TO HELP YOU THROUGH THIS.
YOU ALREADY HAVE.
THANKS. LUCAS.
GOOD NIGHT.
I'M SORRY YOU HAD TO SEE THAT.
NO. IT'S OK.
IT HELPED ME UNDERSTAND YOU.
YOU KNOW. GROWING UP.
THERE WERE CERTAIN THINGS
THAT WERE JUST CARVED IN STONE.
AND THE MAIN ONE WAS THAT DAN
SCOTT WOULD HAVE BEEN A PRO
IF HE DIDN'T BLOW OUT HIS KNEE.
SO. ALL THIS TIME. HE'S JUST
BEEN FEEDING ME THIS LINE OF CRAP
ABOUT HOW GREAT
HE WOULD HAVE BEEN.
AND HOW I'D NEVER
BE AS GOOD AS HIM.
BASTARD.
AT LEAST YOU KNOW THE
TRUTH. THOUGH. RIGHT?
I JUST DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO DO WITH IT.
OK.
GOOD NIGHT.
I'M HERE IF YOU NEED ME. OK?
ALL RIGHT.
HEY. REMEMBER HOW I SAID
MY FAMILY'S SO SCREWED UP. NOTHING
NEW WOULD MAKE A DIFFERENCE?
YEAH.
I WAS WRONG.
YOU WANT TO HEAR MY SIDE OF IT?
WHY SHOULD I BELIEVE IT?
THIS WHOLE TIME
YOU'VE BEEN RIDING ME.
YOU'VE KNOWN
EXACTLY THE WAY I FEEL.
NOW THAT THAT'S IN MY HEAD. IT
JUST MAKES IT THAT MUCH WORSE.
I WAS A GREAT PLAYER.
NATHAN. IN HIGH SCHOOL.
BUT WHEN I GOT TO CAROLINA. I
KNEW IT WASN'T GONNA BE THE SAME.
MY DAD COULDN'T SEE IT. THOUGH.
IT WAS HARD ON YOUR
GRANDMOTHER. TOO.
SO WHEN I GOT HURT.
SHE CAME TO ME AND PLEADED
WITH ME TO WALK AWAY.
SHE SAID IT WOULD BE
BETTER FOR ALL OF US.
SO I DID.
WORST DECISION OF MY LIFE.
IT FELT GOOD TO GET OUT
FROM UNDERNEATH MY FATHER.
AND THEN AFTER A WHILE I REALIZED
I WASN'T PLAYING FOR HIM AT ALL.
THE GAME MEANT THE WORLD TO ME.
I JUST NEVER TOOK THE TIME TO
STAND BACK AND REALIZE THAT.
SO I TRIED TO GET BACK INTO IT.
REHAB. RUNNING. WEIGHTS.
IT WAS TOO LATE. MY
KNEE NEVER RESPONDED.
IT WAS OVER FOR ME.
SO YOU THINK THAT SOMEHOW GIVES
YOU THE RIGHT TO HAMMER ME ALL THE TIME?
I KNOW I PUSH YOU. I
KNOW I'M HARD ON YOU.
BUT I'M TRYING TO SAVE
YOU FROM A LIFE OF REGRET.
AND TRUST ME. YOU DON'T WANT IT.
SO THEN. YOU MAKE ME
FEEL LIKE CRAP ALL THE TIME.
IT REALLY HELPS. DAD.
I COULD HAVE BEEN STRONGER.
BUT I PUSH YOU SO YOU WILL BE.
SO THINGS WILL END UP BETTER
FOR YOU THAN THEY DID FOR ME.
THEN YOU'RE SAFE. DAD.
THERE'S NO WAY I'M EVER
GONNA END UP LIKE YOU.
HEY.
WHAT YOU GOT?
"TO MY HEART. LOVE. DAD."
HE GAVE IT TO ME
ON MY LAST BIRTHDAY.
WHAT IF IT'S HIM. LUCAS?
IT'S NOT GONNA BE.
'CAUSE I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'D DO.
IT'S GONNA BE OK.
I JUST KEEP TRYING TO PICTURE
WALKING INTO THAT ROOM
AND SEEING HIM LYING
THERE. BUT I HIT A WALL.
WHY DOES IT SEEM LIKE EVERY TIME
THINGS ARE FINALLY GONNA BE OK.
SOMETHING TERRIBLE HAPPENS?
YOU DON'T KNOW THAT IT HAS.
KEEP HIM CLOSE TO
YOUR HEART. PEYTON.
GET SOME SLEEP. OK?
YOU CAN SLEEP IN THE BEDROOM.
I'LL STAY OUT HERE TONIGHT.
HAS IT EVER ONCE
BOTHERED YOUR CONSCIENCE
THAT OUR ENTIRE RELATIONSHIP
IS BASED ON YOUR LIE?
THAT WHEN YOU WERE
FORCED TO WALK AWAY
BECAUSE OF YOUR SO-CALLED
INJURY. I DROPPED OUT. TOO.
WE BOTH DROPPED
OUT TO RAISE NATHAN.
DON'T REWRITE HISTORY.
OH. SO YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WHO CAN PLAY THAT GAME?
I THOUGHT I KNEW THE MAN I WAS
CHOOSING TO SPEND MY LIFE WITH.
THE INJURY WAS REAL. DEB.
AND. YES. I DECIDED
NOT TO REHAB IT AT FIRST.
BY THE TIME I CHANGED
MY MIND. IT WAS TOO LATE.
I DID IT IN SERVICE
OF YOU AND NATHAN.
NOW. I KNOW HOW YOU'D HOLD IT
AGAINST ME FOR NOT TELLING YOU.
BUT DID YOU EVER
THINK THAT MAYBE I DID IT
TO PROTECT YOU FROM IT ALL?
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU
NEED TO BELIEVE.
IT'S THE TRUTH.
THE TRUTH?
IN THIS HOUSE?
WHAT'S ALL THIS?
OH.
SORRY. I DIDN'T
MEAN TO WAKE YOU.
I WASN'T ASLEEP.
I HIT THE VENDING MACHINES.
HUNGRY?
I THOUGHT YOU SHOULD
PROBABLY EAT SOMETHING.
AFTER MY MOM DIED. UM.
MY DAD COULDN'T COOK.
SO WE LIVED ON FROZEN
PIZZAS FOR THE LONGEST TIME.
I COULD LIVE ON PIZZA.
HE'D. UH.
HE'D BUY THESE CHEESE PIZZAS AND
THEN HE'D PUT HIS OWN TOPPINGS ON.
PICKLES. BOLOGNA.
PINEAPPLE. WHATEVER.
THAT'S NASTY.
NO. ACTUALLY. THEY
WERE REALLY GOOD.
I THINK HE DID IT MOSTLY
JUST TO MAKE ME LAUGH.
YOU KNOW. TO HELP ME
FORGET FOR A LITTLE BIT.
YOU READY?
NO.
LET'S GO.
MORNING.
SCRAMBLED OR FRIED?
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
I THINK NOBODY'S
GONNA BE THAT HUNGRY.
I'M GLAD YOU STOOD UP TO
ROYAL THE WAY YOU DID. DEB.
I DIDN'T MEAN TO HURT DAN.
BUT THIS LYING OVER THE
YEARS HAS GOTTEN SO TIRESOME.
I DID WHAT I THOUGHT I
HAD TO DO TO SAVE MY SON.
THAT'S WHAT WE DO.
I'M GLAD YOU SPOKE UP.
DAN?
SON. YOU KNOW. SOMEDAY YOU'RE
GONNA REALIZE I DID YOU A FAVOR.
YOUR DADDY'S GONNA
GET OVER THIS EVENTUALLY.
BUT IF YOU LET HISTORY REPEAT
ITSELF. YOUR SON MAY NOT.
I'M GOING FOR A RUN.
OH. WELL. I THINK I'LL
SCRAMBLE THE EGGS.
YEAH.
LISTEN. NATHAN. I...
WHATEVER YOU'RE GOING THROUGH.
I'M SORRY ABOUT YOUR DAD.
I UNDERSTAND WHY
HE DID IT. GRANDPA.
HE MUST HAVE REALLY
LOVED YOU. YOU KNOW THAT?
BECAUSE ANYTHING SEEMED
BETTER THAN DISAPPOINTING YOU.
IT'S NOT HIM.
YOU DID GOOD.
I FELT LIKE MY CHEST
WAS GONNA EXPLODE.
PEYTON'S PLACE.
HEY. IT'S ME.
HEY. I WAS JUST DIALING
YOU. THAT'S FREAKY.
WELL. IT'S GOOD NEWS.
YEAH. I KNOW. I JUST GOT OFF
THE PHONE WITH THE COAST GUARD.
THEY MADE CONTACT
WITH HIS BOAT. HE'S FINE.
THEY FOUND YOUR DAD. HE'S OK.
OH.
ALL RIGHT. WE'RE HEADED HOME.
OK. I'M WAITING.
LOVE YOU.
LOVE YOU. TOO. BYE.
MY GOD. THAT'S...
WAIT.
WHAT?
UM.
MY BRACELET.
I MUST HAVE LEFT
IT IN THE MOTEL.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S GO.
HEY.
GRANDMA'S MAKING BREAKFAST.
SHOW STARTS AT 9:00. YOU IN?
UM.
AS FUN AS LAST NIGHT
WAS. I THINK I'M GONNA PASS.
YOU KNOW. I'VE BEEN THINKING.
NOW THAT YOU KNOW THE
TRUTH ABOUT YOUR DAD.
YOU'RE FREE. RIGHT? I MEAN...
HE'S BEEN LYING TO
YOU ALL THIS TIME.
YOU DON'T HAVE TO
LISTEN TO HIM ANYMORE.
THERE'S NO MORE PRESSURE.
YEAH. I WISH THAT WERE TRUE.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
MY DAD WALKED AWAY.
AND HIS FATHER WILL
NEVER FORGIVE HIM FOR THAT.
I HAVE TO GO BACK.
NATHAN...
I HAVE TO BEAT HIM. HALEY.
IT'S THE ONLY WAY I'M EVER
GONNA BE FREE OF MY DAD.
IT HAS TO BE IN HERE.
GOT IT?
IT'S OK.
EVERYTHING'S OK NOW. OK?
♪
♪ I'VE BEEN DOWN AND
I'M WONDERING WHY ♪
♪ THESE LITTLE BLACK CLOUDS
KEEP WALKING AROUND ♪
♪ WITH ME ♪
♪ IT WASTES TIME AND
I'D RATHER BE HIGH ♪
♪ THINK I'LL WALK ME OUTSIDE
AND BUY A RAINBOW SMILE ♪
♪ BUT BE FREE THEY'RE ALL FREE ♪
♪ SO MAYBE TOMORROW ♪
♪ I'LL FIND MY WAY HOME ♪
♪ I LOOK AROUND
ATA BEAUTIFUL LIFE ♪
♪ BEEN THE UPPERSIDE OF
DOWN. BEEN THE INSIDE OF OUT ♪
♪ BUT WE BREATHE ♪
♪ WE BREATHE ♪
♪ I WANNA BREEZE
AND AN OPEN MIND ♪
♪ I WANNA SWIM IN THE OCEAN.
WANNA TAKE MY TIME FOR ME ♪
♪ ALL OF ME ♪
♪ SO MAYBE ♪
OH. HAIR.
SORRY.
IT'S IN YOUR NECKLACE.
THERE.
♪ SO MAYBE TOMORROW ♪
BROOKE.
♪ I'LL FIND MY WAY HOME ♪
WHAT?
BROOKE GAVE ME THAT NECKLACE.
YOU KNOW. WE...
WE PROBABLY SHOULD GET GOING.
YEAH.
OK.
HOW'S BUSINESS. KEITH?
IT'S PRETTY STEADY.
GOOD.
I KNOW I RIB YOU A LOT. SON.
BUT I HOPE YOU KNOW I
THINK YOU'RE A GOOD MAN.
THAT'S GREAT. DAD.
FIRST NICE THING YOU SAY TO ME.
AND IT'S REALLY
JUST A DIG AT DAN.
OH. SON...
PLEASE. CAN WE JUST
EAT OUR BREAKFAST?
DAN. YOU FORGOT TO
OPEN YOUR PRESENTS.
THIS IS FROM YOUR DAD AND ME.
OH. OK.
WHAT'S THIS?
IT'S A QUILT. A LADY
IN ORLANDO MADE IT.
WE STILL HAD ALL YOUR
OLD BASKETBALL STUFF.
AND I... I JUST COULDN'T BRING
MYSELF TO THROW THEM OUT.
YOU SEE. SON. YOU STILL
HAVE A LOT TO BE PROUD OF.
♪
IT'S ALMOST OVER. DEB.
THANK GOD FOR THAT.
♪ TAKING ON THE DAY ♪
♪ WAITING TO ESCAPE ♪
LOOK. AFTER ALL THAT'S HAPPENED.
I WANT TO THANK YOU FOR
NOT THROWING GAS ON THE FIRE.
YOU OK?
NO. NO. DAN. I'M NOT.
AND... AND WE'RE NOT.
ALL THIS. UH.
PRETENDING AND LYING.
I CAN'T REALLY
HOLD IT AGAINST YOU.
DEB.
BECAUSE I REALIZED.
ALL THESE YEARS.
I'VE BEEN DOING IT. TOO.
♪ I THOUGHT OF YOU ♪
♪ CAUSE I NEED YOU MORE ♪
♪ I NEED YOU MORE THAN THAT ♪
♪ TOO LATE. MY FRIEND ♪
♪ TO TAKE IT ALL TODAY ♪
♪ AND TO RELATE ON MY TIME ♪
LOOK. PEYTON I...
DON'T.
IT WAS STUPID. OK?
YOU'RE WITH BROOKE NOW.
YEAH.
WE JUST...
WE GOT CARRIED AWAY.
IT DIDN'T MEAN ANYTHING.
IT DIDN'T?
OF COURSE IT DID.
♪ TAKING ON THE DAY ♪
♪ WAITING TO ESCAPE ♪
♪ THE ONES WHO
TAKE IT ALL AWAY ♪
♪ CUTTING BACK THROUGH TIME ♪
♪ WAITING FOR YOUR LINE ♪
♪ TO CALL AND TAKE ME FAR AWAY ♪
♪ AND I WONDER NOW ♪
♪ WILL YOU BE THERE TOO? ♪
♪ WITH ALL THE TIME ♪
♪ I THOUGHT OF YOU ♪
♪ CAUSE I NEED YOU MORE ♪
SEE YOU LATER.
♪ I NEED YOU MORE THAN THAT ♪
♪ TOO LATE. MY FRIEND ♪
♪ TO TAKE IT ALL TODAY ♪
♪ AND TO RELATE ON MY TIME ♪
♪ YOU COULD SAY THAT ♪
♪ I WOULD HOPE TO
TURN BACK TO YOUR WAY ♪
♪ BELIEVING WHERE I'D RUN ♪
♪ TODAY ♪
IT'S OK.
HEY.
♪ TAKING ON THE DAY ♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm